everytime I log on into this garbage all I see is either people talking shit 
or even encouraging affairs, which is not okay..

ranting aside, what about actual gameplay? pretty solid. in fact, competitors such as GH/osu stand no chance against this gold chest. adisorn knows what he's doing for his projects.

audition isn't for the casuals since the instructions never really explained in Layman terms, but if you spend enough time (like basically throwing your job/relationships away for this game) you'll get away with most of the game modes, hopefully...

but that's not the best part. the best part is actually making mods, either simple ones like ACV manipulation to the hardest one which is CSV scripts. since the tools necessary are proprietary you need to know every single person in the scene 
and hopefully you win the lottery. also, the most important thing you need to realize is you need to learn everything by yourself, because you're pretty much on your own (shit outta luck lol) due to its modding nature and.or the excessive gatekeeping from the higher ups. 
once you get past these hurdles, you'll be rewarded with unlimited creativity and that's where the fun of audition begins!

now the problem is the retirement of adisorn himself (been happening since 2019) and literally no good maintainers for audition resulted in first-degree murder until it's basically game over. some mf tried to gatekeeping the game thinking like they're Jesus or smth, 
which is not okay at all.

think of it this way, why do you think osu or clone hero is successful instead of the mediocre gameplay? it's actually pretty simple, it's because everyone can contribute no matter how bad they did since everyone needs the same chance. 
how do you know something is bad without letting people tried first? and yes Illuminati is bad AF

if any of you are the stockholders or want to invest in T3 Entertainment, please do me a favor and shutdown every single server exist in this world so they learn the consequences from their actions! entertainment is always subjective and should be accessible to everyone. 
if only a number of people granted the access, why bother existing?
